Add Asset Store chart (#2637)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/assetstore/charts/assetstore-controller-manager/README.md

# Asset Store Controller Manager

## Overview

> The Asset Store Controller Manager manages creation of buckets and uploading assets to storage server like Google Cloud Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Asset Store Controller Manager manages the creation of buckets and upload of assets to such storage servers as the Google Cloud Storage.
```

## Details

> For more information, see the README document in the [Asset Store Controller Manager](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/components/assetstore-controller-manager) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the `README.md` document in the [Asset Store Controller Manager](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/components/assetstore-controller-manager) repository.
```
